{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue242;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c96078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jamie, a dentist, was frequently anticipating this brilliant new school loan payoff tip. Debtors will not want you to know how much cash he saved up. Just see for yourself: www.debtfreeyou.com\
\
Tracy, a painter, was constantly doubting this insane new mortgage payoff tip. Loaners will not want you to learn how much money she saved up. Just see for yourself: www.debtfreeyou.com\
\
Alex, a doctor, was frequently anticipating this unbelievable new car loan payoff tip. Loaners would never want you to find out how much cash they saved up. Just see for yourself: www.paymydebt.com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Taylor, a technician, was rarely expecting this insane new credit card debt payoff tip. Loaners would not want you to find out how much cash she saved up. Just see for yourself: www.debtfreeyou.com\
\
Adrian, a painter, was rarely doubting this brilliant new mortgage payoff tip. Loaners would not want you to know how much cash they saved up. Just see for yourself: www.payoff.com\
\
Blake, a lawyer, was rarely anticipating this insane new credit card debt payoff tip. Loaners would never want you to know how much income she saved up. Just see for yourself: www.paymydebt.com\
\
Alex, a doctor, was constantly anticipating this brilliant new school loan payoff tip. Loaners will not want you to learn how much money she saved up. Just see for yourself: www.payoff.com\
\
Tracy, a technician, was frequently anticipating this insane new school loan payoff tip. Creditors would never want you to find out how much money they saved up. Just see for yourself: www.debtfreeyou.com\
\
Blake, a lawyer, was constantly anticipating this brilliant new mortgage payoff tip. Loaners would never want you to know how much cash he saved up. Just see for yourself: www.payoff.com\
\
Jamie, a doctor, was frequently doubting this unbelievable new school loan payoff tip. Loaners would not want you to learn how much cash she saved up. Just see for yourself: www.payoff.com\
\
\
}